Readme.md, before:

License
-------------
By using this plugin you accept the CC-BY 4.0 license and

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 Cedric Neukirchen

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


Installation
-------------
Unzip the package into the Plugins directory of your game. 
To add it as an engine plugin you will need to unzip the module into the plugin directory under where you installed UE4.


Contact
-------------
If you have any Questions, Comments, Bug reports or feature requests for this plugin, 
or you wish to contact me you can:

email me - cedric.neukirchen@gmx.de

contact me on the forum - Username: eXi

contact me on the Slack Chat - Username: cedric_exi


Credits
--------------
n00854180t 	- Helping a lot to get the loading of the .ogg file running

moss		- Helping to understand wave files

Commit message:

Added a note in the README summarizing the project

Readme.md, after:

[![](http://imgur.com/DWGECXG.gif)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4eA68BEpak)
<sup>**Note:** The image above is an animated GIF, so there's some quality lost. Please see the [YouTube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4eA68BEpak) for higher quality visualization of Disclosure's You and Me.</sup>

This an Unreal Engine 4 plugin that loads `.ogg` files at runtime and analyzes them to get the frequency spectrum to control gameplay, visualization and more.

License
-------------
By using this plugin you accept the CC-BY 4.0 license and

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 Cedric Neukirchen

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


Installation
-------------
Unzip the package into the Plugins directory of your game. 
To add it as an engine plugin you will need to unzip the module into the plugin directory under where you installed UE4.


Contact
-------------
If you have any Questions, Comments, Bug reports or feature requests for this plugin, 
or you wish to contact me you can:

email me - cedric.neukirchen@gmx.de

contact me on the forum - Username: eXi

contact me on the Slack Chat - Username: cedric_exi


Credits
--------------
n00854180t 	- Helping a lot to get the loading of the .ogg file running

moss		- Helping to understand wave files
